# Khappa
 An App that I build for a small tuck shop at my university. This is mainly an inventory management app that can be used to record inventory sale of small shops on daily basis.
Introduction ..................................................................................................... An App that I build for a small tuck shop at my university. This is mainly an inventory management app that can be used to record inventory sale of small shops on daily basis.

Functions and Features Available ..................................................................................................... Using this app you can add all the items avaiable in your shop into their respective categories. You can add categories as well. Later when an item sells, you have just to press a button to increase its sale count. You can also minus the count if you accidently pressed the + button. For ease of the user .... items has been divided into categories. In each category, items are diplayed with their sale price(at which it is sold to customer). Total number of items sold are also displayed infront of the same item name. In statistics page statistics are displayed which include "Profit", "Total number of items sold", "Total Cash from sale". These statistics can be improved easily in later versions. If multiple users have installed this app, every time any user adds a sale to any items, the increased sale count is reflected accross all the users.
Database Used .................................................................................................... I have used Firebase Real-Time Database as backend storage.

